readme.md, before:

# UAParser.js

Lightweight JavaScript-based User-Agent string parser

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/faisalman/ua-parser-js.png)](https://travis-ci.org/faisalman/ua-parser-js)

* Author    : Faisalman <<fyzlman@gmail.com>>
* Demo      : http://faisalman.github.com/ua-parser-js
* Source    : https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js

## Features

Extract detailed type of web browser, layout engine, operating system, and device purely from user-agent string with relatively lightweight footprint (~7KB minified / ~3KB gzipped).

![It's over 9000](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/A9LpEG6CIAA5VrT.jpg)

## Methods

* `getBrowser()`
    * returns `{ name: '', major: '', version: '' }`
* `getDevice()`
    * returns `{ model: '', type: '', vendor: '' }`
* `getEngine()`
    * returns `{ name: '', version: '' }`
* `getOS()`
    * returns `{ name: '', version: '' }`
* `getResult()`
    * returns `{ browser: {}, device: {}, engine: {}, os: {} }`
* `getUA()`
    * returns UA string of current instance
* `setUA(uastring)`
    * set & parse UA string

## Example

```html
<script type="text/javascript" src="ua-parser.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">

	var parser = new UAParser();

    // by default it takes ua string from current browser's window.navigator.userAgent
    console.log(parser.getResult());
    /*
        /// this will print an object structured like this:
        {
            browser: {
                name: "",
                version: "",
                major: ""
            },
            engine: {
                name: "",
                version: ""
            },
            os: {
                name: "",
                version: ""
            },
            device: {
                model: "",
                type: "",
                vendor: ""
            }
        }
    */

    // let's test a custom user-agent string as an example
    var uastring = "Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/535.2 (KHTML, like Gecko) Ubuntu/11.10 Chromium/15.0.874.106 Chrome/15.0.874.106 Safari/535.2";
    parser.setUA(uastring);

    var result = parser.getResult();
    // this will also produce the same result (without instantiation):
    // var result = UAParser(uastring);

    console.log(result.browser);        // {name: "Chromium", major: "15", version: "15.0.874.106"}
    console.log(result.device);         // {model: undefined, type: undefined, vendor: undefined}
    console.log(result.os);             // {name: "Ubuntu", version: "11.10"}
    console.log(result.os.version);     // "11.10"
    console.log(result.engine.name);    // "WebKit"

    // do some other tests
    var uastring2 = "Mozilla/5.0 (compatible; Konqueror/4.1; OpenBSD) KHTML/4.1.4 (like Gecko)";
    console.log(parser.setUA(uastring2).getBrowser().name); // "Konqueror"
    console.log(parser.getOS());                            // {name: "OpenBSD", version: undefined}
    console.log(parser.getEngine());                        // {name: "KHTML", version: "4.1.4"}

    var uastring3 = 'Mozilla/5.0 (PlayBook; U; RIM Tablet OS 1.0.0; en-US) AppleWebKit/534.11 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/7.1.0.7 Safari/534.11';
    console.log(parser.setUA(uastring3).getDevice().model); // "PlayBook"
    console.log(parser.getOS())                             // {name: "RIM Tablet OS", version: "1.0.0"}
    console.log(parser.getBrowser().name);                  // "Safari"

</script>
```

## Using requirejs

```js
require(['ua-parser'], function(UAParser) {
    var parser = new UAParser();
    console.log(parser.getResult());
});
```

## Using node.js

```sh
$ npm install ua-parser-js
```

```js
var UAParser = require('ua-parser');
var parser = new UAParser();
console.log(parser.getResult());
```

## Using component

```sh
$ component install faisalman/ua-parser-js
```

```js
var UAParser = require('ua-parser-js');
var parser = new UAParser();
console.log(parser.getResult());
```

## Using bower

```sh
$ bower install ua-parser-js
```

## Using jQuery

If you're using jQuery, `$.ua` object will be created automatically based on browser's user-agent. In case you need, `UAParser` constructor is still present in global though. Getter / setter: `$.ua.get()` / `$.ua.set(uastring)`. 

```js
// In browser with default user-agent: 'Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 2.3.4; en-us; Sprint APA7373KT Build/GRJ22) AppleWebKit/533.1 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0':

// Do some tests
console.log($.ua.device);           // {vendor: "HTC", model: "Evo Shift 4G", type: "mobile"}
console.log($.ua.os);               // {name: "Android", version: "2.3.4"}
console.log($.ua.os.name);          // "Android"
console.log($.ua.get());            // "Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 2.3.4; en-us; Sprint APA7373KT Build/GRJ22) AppleWebKit/533.1 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0"

// reset to custom user-agent
$.ua.set('Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 3.0.1; en-us; Xoom Build/HWI69) AppleWebKit/534.13 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Safari/534.13');

// Test again
console.log($.ua.device);           // {vendor: "Motorola", model: "Xoom", type: "tablet"}
console.log($.ua.engine.name);      // "Webkit"
console.log($.ua.browser.version);  // "4.0"
console.log(parseInt($.ua.browser.version.split('.')[0], 10));  // 4
```

## Development

Install dependencies

```sh
$ npm install jshint
$ npm install mocha
$ npm install uglify-js
```

Verify, test, & minify script

```sh
$ ./build/build.sh
```

## License

Dual licensed under GPLv2 & MIT

Copyright © 2012-2013 Faisalman <<fyzlman@gmail.com>>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, 
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the 
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, 
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Commit message:

Mention the use of Vanilla.js

readme.md, after:

# UAParser.js

Lightweight JavaScript-based User-Agent string parser. Supports browser & node.js environment. Also available as Component package, Bower package, jQuery plugin, & AMD module

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/faisalman/ua-parser-js.png)](https://travis-ci.org/faisalman/ua-parser-js)

* Author    : Faisalman <<fyzlman@gmail.com>>
* Demo      : http://faisalman.github.com/ua-parser-js
* Source    : https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js

## Features

Extract detailed type of web browser, layout engine, operating system, and device purely from user-agent string with relatively lightweight footprint (~7KB minified / ~3KB gzipped). Written in vanilla js (which means it doesn't depends from any other library).

![It's over 9000](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/A9LpEG6CIAA5VrT.jpg)

## Methods

* `getBrowser()`
    * returns `{ name: '', major: '', version: '' }`
* `getDevice()`
    * returns `{ model: '', type: '', vendor: '' }`
* `getEngine()`
    * returns `{ name: '', version: '' }`
* `getOS()`
    * returns `{ name: '', version: '' }`
* `getResult()`
    * returns `{ browser: {}, device: {}, engine: {}, os: {} }`
* `getUA()`
    * returns UA string of current instance
* `setUA(uastring)`
    * set & parse UA string

## Example

```html
<script type="text/javascript" src="ua-parser.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">

	var parser = new UAParser();

    // by default it takes ua string from current browser's window.navigator.userAgent
    console.log(parser.getResult());
    /*
        /// this will print an object structured like this:
        {
            browser: {
                name: "",
                version: "",
                major: ""
            },
            engine: {
                name: "",
                version: ""
            },
            os: {
                name: "",
                version: ""
            },
            device: {
                model: "",
                type: "",
                vendor: ""
            }
        }
    */

    // let's test a custom user-agent string as an example
    var uastring = "Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/535.2 (KHTML, like Gecko) Ubuntu/11.10 Chromium/15.0.874.106 Chrome/15.0.874.106 Safari/535.2";
    parser.setUA(uastring);

    var result = parser.getResult();
    // this will also produce the same result (without instantiation):
    // var result = UAParser(uastring);

    console.log(result.browser);        // {name: "Chromium", major: "15", version: "15.0.874.106"}
    console.log(result.device);         // {model: undefined, type: undefined, vendor: undefined}
    console.log(result.os);             // {name: "Ubuntu", version: "11.10"}
    console.log(result.os.version);     // "11.10"
    console.log(result.engine.name);    // "WebKit"

    // do some other tests
    var uastring2 = "Mozilla/5.0 (compatible; Konqueror/4.1; OpenBSD) KHTML/4.1.4 (like Gecko)";
    console.log(parser.setUA(uastring2).getBrowser().name); // "Konqueror"
    console.log(parser.getOS());                            // {name: "OpenBSD", version: undefined}
    console.log(parser.getEngine());                        // {name: "KHTML", version: "4.1.4"}

    var uastring3 = 'Mozilla/5.0 (PlayBook; U; RIM Tablet OS 1.0.0; en-US) AppleWebKit/534.11 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/7.1.0.7 Safari/534.11';
    console.log(parser.setUA(uastring3).getDevice().model); // "PlayBook"
    console.log(parser.getOS())                             // {name: "RIM Tablet OS", version: "1.0.0"}
    console.log(parser.getBrowser().name);                  // "Safari"

</script>
```

## Using requirejs

```js
require(['ua-parser'], function(UAParser) {
    var parser = new UAParser();
    console.log(parser.getResult());
});
```

## Using node.js

```sh
$ npm install ua-parser-js
```

```js
var UAParser = require('ua-parser');
var parser = new UAParser();
console.log(parser.getResult());
```

## Using component

```sh
$ component install faisalman/ua-parser-js
```

```js
var UAParser = require('ua-parser-js');
var parser = new UAParser();
console.log(parser.getResult());
```

## Using bower

```sh
$ bower install ua-parser-js
```

## Using jQuery

Although written in vanilla js (which means it doesn't depends from jQuery), if you're using jQuery, this library will automatically detect and create `$.ua` object based on browser's user-agent. In case you need, `UAParser` constructor is still present in global though. To get/set user-agent you can use: `$.ua.get()` / `$.ua.set(uastring)`. 

```js
// In browser with default user-agent: 'Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 2.3.4; en-us; Sprint APA7373KT Build/GRJ22) AppleWebKit/533.1 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0':

// Do some tests
console.log($.ua.device);           // {vendor: "HTC", model: "Evo Shift 4G", type: "mobile"}
console.log($.ua.os);               // {name: "Android", version: "2.3.4"}
console.log($.ua.os.name);          // "Android"
console.log($.ua.get());            // "Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 2.3.4; en-us; Sprint APA7373KT Build/GRJ22) AppleWebKit/533.1 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0"

// reset to custom user-agent
$.ua.set('Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 3.0.1; en-us; Xoom Build/HWI69) AppleWebKit/534.13 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Safari/534.13');

// Test again
console.log($.ua.device);           // {vendor: "Motorola", model: "Xoom", type: "tablet"}
console.log($.ua.engine.name);      // "Webkit"
console.log($.ua.browser.version);  // "4.0"
console.log(parseInt($.ua.browser.version.split('.')[0], 10));  // 4
```

## Development

Install dependencies

```sh
$ npm install jshint
$ npm install mocha
$ npm install uglify-js
```

Verify, test, & minify script

```sh
$ ./build/build.sh
```

## License

Dual licensed under GPLv2 & MIT

Copyright © 2012-2013 Faisalman <<fyzlman@gmail.com>>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, 
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the 
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, 
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
