README.md, before:

[![https://uaparser.dev](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/gh-pages/images/uap-header.png)](https://uaparser.dev)
[![https://uaparser.dev](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f30f3d4-5cfe-441c-8f86-ead7c955f940)](https://uaparser.dev)
[![https://uaparser.dev](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/50da50fc-7c8a-46e3-a2bc-6a8249914372)](https://uaparser.dev)
[![https://uaparser.dev](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f2aaff0-a9b4-4ac9-bdf3-eea8081a2582)](https://uaparser.dev)
    
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/ua-parser-js?color=red&logo=npm&label=NPM%20DOWNLOADS&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/jsdelivr/gh/hw/faisalman/ua-parser-js?logo=jsdelivr&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/faisalman/ua-parser-js?color=yellow&logo=github&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://bundlephobia.com/package/ua-parser-js@1.0.35"><img src="https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/ua-parser-js?logo=hackthebox&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/graphs/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/faisalman/ua-parser-js?color=purple&logo=githubsponsors&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ua-parser-js.svg?logo=npm&color=red&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://cdnjs.com/libraries/UAParser.js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/cdnjs/v/UAParser.js.svg?color=orange&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/ossf-scorecard/github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js?label=openssf%20scorecard&style=for-the-badge">
</p>

# UAParser.js

The most comprehensive, compact, & up-to-date isomorphic JavaScript library to detect 
user's Browser, Engine, OS, CPU, and Device type/model. Runs either in browser 
(client-side) or node.js (server-side).

# Demo

  * Live demo: https://uaparser.dev


# Documentation

  * `version 1.x` : https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/tree/1.0.x#documentation
  * `version 2.x` : https://docs.uaparser.dev

Before upgrading from `v0.7` / `v1.0`, please read [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) to 
see what's new & breaking.

# License Options

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th></th>
            <th colspan="2">Open-Source Editions</th>
            <th colspan="3">PRO / Commercial Editions</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>License options</td>
            <td>MIT (v0.7~v1.0)</td>
            <td>AGPL (&gt;=v2.0)</td>
            <td>PRO Personal</td>
            <td>PRO Business</td>
            <td>PRO Enterprise</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Browser detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>CPU detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Device detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Engine detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>OS detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Bot detection</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>AI Bot detection</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Extras (Apps, Libs, Emails, Media Players, etc) detection</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Enhanced detection result</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Client Hints support</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>CommonJS support</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>ES modules support</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>npm module</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>TypeScript declarations</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Community version">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Allows commercial use</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Permissive (non-copyleft) license</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td><strong title="Copyleft license">❌</strong></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Unlimited use per 1 license</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td><strong title="1 project per 1 license">❌</strong></td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>1-year product support</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Lifetime updates</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Price</td>
            <td><strong title="Pay as you want">FREE (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/1.0.x/license.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
            <td><strong title="Pay as you want">FREE (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/master/LICENSE.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
            <td><strong title="$14 (one-time fee)">$14 (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/pro-personal/LICENSE.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
            <td><strong title="$29 (one-time fee)">$29 (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/pro-business/LICENSE.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
            <td><strong title="$599 (one-time fee)">$599 (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/pro-enterprise/LICENSE.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
    <tfoot>
        <tr>
            <th align="right" colspan="6">
                <h3><a target="_blank" href="https://store.faisalman.com/checkout/buy/e236ea87-9b2b-400e-9683-24367f731b35"> GET THE PRO PACKAGES 📥</a></h3>
            </th>
        </tr>
    </tfoot>
</table>

# Development

## Contributors

Please read [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) guide first for the instruction details.

<a href="https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=faisalman/ua-parser-js" />
</a>

Made with [contributors-img](https://contrib.rocks).

## Backers & Sponsors

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js/organizations.svg?avatarHeight=64"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js/individuals.svg?avatarHeight=64"></a>

Support the open-source editions of UAParser.js on [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js) or [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/faisalman).

Commit message:

Fix #771 - Provide alternative contribution channel for Alipay/WeChat users to support the open-source editions of UAParser.js

README.md, after:

[![https://uaparser.dev](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/gh-pages/images/uap-header.png)](https://uaparser.dev)
[![https://uaparser.dev](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f30f3d4-5cfe-441c-8f86-ead7c955f940)](https://uaparser.dev)
[![https://uaparser.dev](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/50da50fc-7c8a-46e3-a2bc-6a8249914372)](https://uaparser.dev)
[![https://uaparser.dev](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f2aaff0-a9b4-4ac9-bdf3-eea8081a2582)](https://uaparser.dev)
    
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/ua-parser-js?color=red&logo=npm&label=NPM%20DOWNLOADS&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/jsdelivr/gh/hw/faisalman/ua-parser-js?logo=jsdelivr&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/faisalman/ua-parser-js?color=yellow&logo=github&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://bundlephobia.com/package/ua-parser-js@1.0.35"><img src="https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/ua-parser-js?logo=hackthebox&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/graphs/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/faisalman/ua-parser-js?color=purple&logo=githubsponsors&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ua-parser-js.svg?logo=npm&color=red&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://cdnjs.com/libraries/UAParser.js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/cdnjs/v/UAParser.js.svg?color=orange&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/ossf-scorecard/github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js?label=openssf%20scorecard&style=for-the-badge">
</p>

# UAParser.js

The most comprehensive, compact, & up-to-date isomorphic JavaScript library to detect 
user's Browser, Engine, OS, CPU, and Device type/model. Runs either in browser 
(client-side) or node.js (server-side).

# Demo

  * Live demo: https://uaparser.dev


# Documentation

  * `version 1.x` : https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/tree/1.0.x#documentation
  * `version 2.x` : https://docs.uaparser.dev

Before upgrading from `v0.7` / `v1.0`, please read [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) to 
see what's new & breaking.

# License Options

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th></th>
            <th colspan="2">Open-Source Editions</th>
            <th colspan="3">PRO / Commercial Editions</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>License options</td>
            <td>MIT (v0.7~v1.0)</td>
            <td>AGPL (&gt;=v2.0)</td>
            <td>PRO Personal</td>
            <td>PRO Business</td>
            <td>PRO Enterprise</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Browser detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>CPU detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Device detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Engine detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>OS detection</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Basic detection">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Bot detection</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>AI Bot detection</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Extras (Apps, Libs, Emails, Media Players, etc) detection</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Enhanced detection result</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Client Hints support</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>CommonJS support</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>ES modules support</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>npm module</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>TypeScript declarations</td>
            <td><a href="#demo" title="Community version">⚠️</a></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Allows commercial use</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Permissive (non-copyleft) license</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td><strong title="Copyleft license">❌</strong></td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Unlimited use per 1 license</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td><strong title="1 project per 1 license">❌</strong></td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>1-year product support</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>❌</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Lifetime updates</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
            <td>✅</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Price</td>
            <td><strong title="Pay as you want">FREE (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/1.0.x/license.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
            <td><strong title="Pay as you want">FREE (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/master/LICENSE.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
            <td><strong title="$14 (one-time fee)">$14 (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/pro-personal/LICENSE.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
            <td><strong title="$29 (one-time fee)">$29 (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/pro-business/LICENSE.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
            <td><strong title="$599 (one-time fee)">$599 (<a target="_blank" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/pro-enterprise/LICENSE.md">License</a>)</strong></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
    <tfoot>
        <tr>
            <th align="right" colspan="6">
                <h3><a target="_blank" href="https://store.faisalman.com/checkout/buy/e236ea87-9b2b-400e-9683-24367f731b35"> GET THE PRO PACKAGES 📥</a></h3>
            </th>
        </tr>
    </tfoot>
</table>

# Development

## Contributors

Please read [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) guide first for the instruction details.

<a href="https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=faisalman/ua-parser-js" />
</a>

Made with [contributors-img](https://contrib.rocks).

## Backers & Sponsors

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js/organizations.svg?avatarHeight=64"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js/individuals.svg?avatarHeight=64"></a>

You can support the open-source editions of UAParser.js through one of the following options:

[![OpenCollective](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCollective-dddddd?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencollective&color=dddddd
)](https://opencollective.com/ua-parser-js)
[![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Sponsors-333333?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubsponsors&color=333333
)](https://github.com/sponsors/faisalman)
[![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Paypal-003087?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&color=003087
)](https://paypal.me/faisalman)
[![WeChat/Alipay](https://img.shields.io/badge/Other_Payment_Methods-Alipay_/_WeChat_Pay-09b83e?style=for-the-badge&logo=mastercard&color=09b83e
)](https://store.faisalman.com/buy/3d71f2f3-cf4d-473c-892a-9d4497c890be)
